<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui">

    <h:head>
        <title>Rustic Corner - Privacy Policy</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="primeicons/primeicons.css" library="primefaces" />
        <h:outputStylesheet name="styles.css" library="css"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="webjars" name="font-awesome/5.12.0/css/all.min-jsf.css" />
        <h:outputStylesheet library="webjars" name="font-awesome/5.12.0/css/v4-shims.min-jsf.css" />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:insert  name="header">
            <ui:include src="header.xhtml"/>
        </ui:insert>

        <div class="container" style="background-color: white; margin: 0 200px">
            <div class="row" style="margin: 0 auto !important;padding: 10px !important">
                    <h2 style="font-size: 20px !important;">Privacy Policy</h2>
                    <hr/>
                    <div class="content" >
                        <b>Last Updated: 06/17/2020</b>
                        <p>
                            Rustic Corner, including all of its features and content and related or commonly-owned or controlled websites (“Website”), is a service made available by RusticCorner, Inc. (“Rustic Corner”), a public benefit corporation that provides independently owned booksellers, industry partners, and conscious consumers with a direct-to-consumer e-commerce solution competitive to that of major retailers.
                        </p>
                        <ol>
                            <li>Information You Provide</li>
                            <p>Rustic Corner collects information you provide by using the Website, such as when:</p>
                            <ul>
                                <li>Platform Sellers post Content (as such terms are defined in the Terms of Use).</li>
                                <li>Users complete forms on or through the Website or subscribe to our newsletter. The information you provide may include your name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number.</li>
                                <li>Make a request or transaction through the Website. Rustic Corner and Platform Sellers offer products for sale through the Website, and Rustic Corner and its payment processor will need to collect and use information such as your name, mailing address, billing address, email address, telephone number, and payment card information to process these requests and transactions</li>
                                <li>Communicate with Rustic Corner, such as when you request support, submit comments or questions, or report a problem to Rustic Corner.</li>
                            </ul>
                            <li> Information Automatically Collected</li>
                            <p>Rustic Corner also automatically or passively collects information that relates to your usage of the Website or that is necessary for the proper functioning or improvement of the Website, including:</p>
                            <ul>
                                <li>Times and dates and the extent of your usage of the Website.</li>
                                <li>Time zone, language, screen resolution, and other usage preferences you select when using the Website.</li>
                                <li>Device keyboard settings.</li>
                                <li>Usage history such as areas and pages within the Website that you access or use and/or which buttons on the Website you click on.</li>
                                <li>The search terms you entered into a search engine that may have led you to the Website.</li>
                                <li>The Internet service provider (ISP) or mobile platform you use.</li>
                                <li>Other device and Website access information such as your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, referring/exit pages, and other unique device identifiers.</li>

                            </ul>
                            <p>Rustic Corner also collects and maintain aggregated, anonymized, or pseudonymized information to protect the safety and security of the Website, improve the Website, or comply with its legal obligations.</p>
                            <p>You may decline to provide Rustic Corner with some or all of your information. However, doing so will limit your ability to use the Website.</p>
                            <li>How Rustic Corner Uses the Information It Collects</li>
                            <p>Rustic Corner uses the information it collects from and about you for the following purposes:</p>
                            <ul>
                                <li>To enable Rustic Corner to provide you and other Users with the Website, and to improve, protect, and promote the Website and services;</li>
                                <li>To address inquiries and respond to customer service requests, questions, and comments;</li>
                                <li>To contact you with newsletters, offers, promotions, and other product specials or to customize your experience on the Website;</li>
                                <li>To maintain security and to enforce the Terms of Use and comply with applicable law; and</li>
                                <li>For other purposes that Rustic Corner believes are necessary to protect its rights and the rights of others, or as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </ol>
                    </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <br/><br/>
        <ui:insert name="footer">
            <ui:include src="footer.xhtml"/>
        </ui:insert>
    </h:body>
</html>

